The files in this directory constitute release 1.9 of the Test Environment
Toolkit (TET) Application Programming Interface (API), Shell language binding.

The files are shell scripts written for use with a Shell command interpreter
that conforms to the sh specification in Volume 1 of the X/OPEN Portability
Guide Issue 3.  An example of this might be a Bourne Shell that includes
support for shell functions.  In addition certain common utilities are
used; attempts have been made to avoid utilities and/or features that may
vary between implementations.

After running make the following files are available in the directory
$(TET_ROOT)/lib/xpg3sh for use with applications:

	tcm.sh		Shell Test Case Manager

	tetapi.sh	Shell API support routines.


Note - Signal Handling.
The Shell API requires a configuration variable TET_NSIG which should be
set to one greater than the highest signal that may be handled by the
Shell.  This may be specified in the configuration file or as an
environment variable.

Since signals are specified in the Shell by means of numbers rather than
symbolic names, it will be necessary to inspect the lists of signals
in the makefile and check that they are correct for your implementation.

In addition, it should be noted that the Shell may not know about all the
signals that may occur in a particular implementation and attempts to
handle unknown signals are often treated as fatal errors.  Such signal
numbers must be added to the list of unhandled signals.


Note - Awk.
In order to fulfill the requirements of the Shell API Specification, the
awk utility has been used to format lines in the Results file.  It should
be noted that some awk implementations are limited in their capacity to
handle long lines; if this is the case, it will limit the length of a line
that may be passed to tet_infoline or tet_result.

--
End of README.
